hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2009 science fiction action
film transformers to revenge of the
Fallen so let's get started in 17,000 BC
the seven primes travel across the
universe to create the Energon with star
absorbing machines called Sun harvesters
which destroys stars in order to collect
their raw materials one of the primes
defies the rule to never destroy a
planet with life on it by establishing a
Sun Harvester on earth earning him the
name The Fallen the Fallen is imprisoned
before he can harvest the Sun and the
rest of the prime sacrificed themselves
to hide the matrix of leadership which
can be used to activate the harvester
two years after the events of the first
film the Autobots and the US military
have formed nest a classified
international task force to eliminate
Decepticons Sam Witwicky finds a small
Allspark shard and picks it up causing
him to see Cybertronian symbols Sam
gives the shard to his girlfriend
mckaela
before he leaves her College she is
captured by the Decepticon weally when
he attempts to steal it
Megatron is resurrected and gives orders
to capture Sam and kill Optimus Sam
Mikaela and his roommate Leo are
captured
Megatron reveals that the symbols in
Sam's mind will lead the Decepticons to
the Energon source Optimus and Bumblebee
arrived
Megatron kills Optimus however
destroying his spark former sector 7
agent Seymour Simmons reveals the most
ancient Transformers known as seekers
remained on earth with the help from
weally who's now helping with the
Autobots they tracked down a Decepticon
seeker named Jetfire they used this
shard to revive Jetfire who teleports
the group to Egypt and explains the
story of the Fallen Jetfire sends them
to locate the matrix of leadership which
could revive Optimus
they find the matrix but it
disintegrates into dust in Sam's hands
undeterred Sam stuffs the matrix remains
into his saw the Sun harvester is
revealed to be inside the Giza
during a battle Megatron's shoot Sam
mortally wounding him as Sam nears death
the primes contact him through a vision
saying that the matrix must be earned
not found and that he has now earned the
right to Barrett they restore Sam's life
and the matrix of leadership which he
uses to revive Optimus the Fallen
teleports to their location and steals
the matrix returns to the pyramid with
Megatron and activates the Sun Harvester
Jetfire sacrifices himself in order to
transplant his parts - optimist which
gives Optimus immense strength and the
ability to fly he destroys the Sun
harvester and kills the Fallen Megatron
retreats vowing vengeance the victorious
Autobots and their allies go back to the
United States and Sam returns to
colleges the film ends so that was the
spoilers for Transformers Revenge of the
Fallen if you'd like to see us spoil
another film let us know in the comments
below please check out movie's spoiler
alerts on Instagram and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching